README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.js`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/font-optimization) to automatically optimize and load Inter, a custom Google Font.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.

Commit message:

Update README with professional, user-focused description

README.md, after:

# Incostream

Incostream is a confidential payroll disbursement dApp built on Base Sepolia using Inco's confidential computing platform. It enables private, trustless payroll management for Web3 teams and gig economy workers.

## What You Can Do
- **Employers**: Set up confidential payrolls, manage recipients, and disburse encrypted payments.
- **Recipients**: Confirm and receive private payments, check encrypted balances, and view transaction history.

## Features
- Confidential payroll management for employers and recipients
- Encrypted salary and payment amounts using Inco's private data types
- Access control and pseudonymization for privacy
- MetaMask integration and Inco JS SDK frontend
- Encrypted transaction history and private balance checking

## Tech Stack
- Next.js frontend (React)
- Hardhat for smart contract development
- Inco Solidity SDK & Inco JS SDK
- Tailwind CSS for UI

## Author
[deeakpan](https://github.com/deeakpan)

---

For setup, development, and deployment instructions, see the project documentation and `.cursor/scratchpad.md`.
